Use material name for mesh entity's Name when available (#19287)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/rename_spawn_gltf_material_name.md

---

> title: Use Gltf material names for spawned material entities
> authors: ["@rendaoer"]
> pull_requests: [19287]
> ---
> 
> When loading a Gltf scene in Bevy, each material will generate an entity and store a `GltfMaterialName` component.
> 
> These entities were previously named, for example, `MeshName.0` and `MeshName.1`. To make it easier to view these entities in Inspector-style tools, they are now stored in the `Name` component with the MeshName plus the MaterialName, for example, `MeshName.Material1Name` and `MeshName.Material2Name`. If the Mesh has no material, it will continue to keep `MeshName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use Gltf material names for spawned primitive entities
authors: ["@rendaoer"]
pull_requests: [19287]
---

When loading a Gltf scene in Bevy, each mesh primitive will generate an entity and store a `GltfMaterialName` component and `Name` component.

The `Name` components were previously stored as mesh name plus primitive index - for example, `MeshName.0` and `MeshName.1`. To make it easier to view these entities in Inspector-style tools, they are now stored as mesh name plus material name - for example, `MeshName.Material1Name` and `MeshName.Material2Name`. If the mesh has a single material, it will continue to keep `MeshName`. 
```

Clarified some parts.
